Add support.md and _config.yml (#15)
end-of-term/eotarchive: support.md

---
layout: page
title: Support
permalink: /support/
---

> The **End of Term Web Archive (EOT 2024)** is a collaborative project, and we rely on the contributions and expertise of our partner institutions and the ongoing support of individuals and organizations like you! There are many ways to get involved and make a difference. Only YOU can prevent the loss of government information!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **End of Term Web Archive (EOT)** is a collaborative project, and we rely on the contributions and expertise of our partner institutions and the ongoing support of individuals and organizations like you! There are many ways to get involved and make a difference. Only YOU can prevent the loss of government information!
```

## How You Can Support EOT 2024

### Submit/nominate URLs to the project
Help us capture at-risk government content in the following ways:
- Submit **individual URLs** to the [URL Nomination Tool](https://digital2.library.unt.edu/nomination/eth2024/).
- Upload **bulk seed lists** through our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/end-of-term/eot2024/tree/main/seed-lists). Bulk lists can be in .txt (one line per url) or .xlsx formats. 
- Email bulk lists directly to us at **[eot-info@archive.org](mailto:eot-info@archive.org)**.

> - Some content is not collected by standard web harvesting tools, such as web apps and databases (eg. the eLibrary of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) which has thousands of dockets, reports, cases, opinions etc that are only available via search query (https://elibrary.ferc.gov/eLibrary/search)).  Help us surface **deep links** within government databases to ensure comprehensive preservation. Submit .gov databases to us using this google form https://forms.gle/ePGcew9X6Bt8bGLn6 or email us if you are able to comprehensively extract output URLs from .gov databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some content is not collected by standard web harvesting tools, such as web apps and databases (e.g. the eLibrary of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) which has thousands of dockets, reports, cases, opinions etc. that are only available via search query (https://elibrary.ferc.gov/eLibrary/search).  Help us surface **deep links** within government databases to ensure comprehensive preservation. Submit .gov databases to us using our [Google form](https://forms.gle/ePGcew9X6Bt8bGLn6) or email us if you are able to comprehensively extract output URLs from .gov databases.
```

### Promote EOT on Social Media
Spread the word about our mission by sharing information about the End of Term project on your social media channels. Follow and tag us to amplify our reach:
- **X (formerly Twitter):** [@eotarchive](https://www.twitter.com/eotarchive)

> - **Bluesky:** [@eotarchive.org](https://bsky.app/profile/eotarchive.org) 

Reviewer: When I follow this link to Bluesky I get "Oops! Unable to resolve handle".

Reviewer: Should the link be:
```suggestion
- **Bluesky:** [@eotarchive.org](https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:qh5jxhakdkozbxjlivbmwtmn) 
```

Use the hashtag **#EOT2024** to join the conversation and help raise awareness!

### Use and Cite Our Data
Our archived data is open to researchers, journalists, and the public. By using EOT materials in your projects and citing the archive, you help demonstrate its value and drive further support for open access initiatives.

## Why Support Matters
Your contributions ensure that:
- Government websites and data remain available for public use.
- Researchers have reliable access to digital government records.
- Future generations can learn from today’s decisions and policies.

> 
> ---
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The horizontal rule looks odd to me there. Not sure about including it.
